We're getting in the territory of rendering a custom call-out, and so the way that this works is anything
inside of the mapu marker is what's going to be rendered as part of the actual tooltip.
So if we wind up here and we said consed, some text is equal to style dot text and then we we just
use that as the internal write some text and then we put inside of some text.
Hi there.
Well now what we're going to see is when we click a marker.
Huh, nothing is happening, and so why is nothing happening?
Well, first of all, we need to wrap this interview and so by wrapping it, in a view, will be ensured
that it will be part of the actual render cycle.
So let's import view.
From React Native.
And now we'll go to our map screen and what we can see is that, oh.
It's actually it's not rendering it as a tooltip, it's rendering it as the marker itself.
Oh, OK, so that's what Matthew Markhor does so now.
Well, what we actually need is map view, dot call-out and that is specifically what is going to render
out the tooltip for each and every item.
Now, that being said, once we refresh, what we can see here is that every single map you call out
is going to render hi there some text.
And so we now know that the same is true on Android.
When we refresh here, what we're going to see is that the Mafia is going to render out our markers
and that the call-out is now going to change in terms of saying hi there, if we put a specific hi there
in here.
So if we put.
Hi there.
We could see hi there.
So what we need to do now is we actually need to build out the component that is going to visualize
the mapu marker detail.
And for that component, what we're going to set out here is inside of components.
We're going to say map call-out, dot component dachis.
And this map call-out component is what we're actually going to put inside of the call out here.
So let's go ahead and let's remove our unused code here and then we'll remove this subtext and we'll
put map.
Call-out component, and it'll take restaurant as the current restaurant for the information.
And then we'll import this from components, from deltoids, components, map call-out, and by having
this, what we can do now is we can go into Map Call-out, we can say export const.
Map call out is equal to and then will render out some information in here, so let's import react from
react and the first thing we're going to do here is we're going to import styled from styled components
native.
And we'll say, consed, my text is equal to styled thought text and we'll take we'll take that into
account.
We'll grab the restaurant from here.
And we'll say.
Is equal to restaurant dot name.
And this should render out the restaurant name in the text component.
So here we can start building out the visualization that we want for our map call-out.
And so let me show you the visualization quickly.
If we go home and I open up the zero to mastery version of this app and we go to our map view, we can
see here that what we want to render is the image with the name inside of the Call-out.
So as an exercise, I want you to try out building out this component.
Don't worry about the favorites icon.
We will get there.
But for now, just render out the image with the specific name of the restaurant in this font.